# Interaction Satisfaction
CommuniFace

Almost 2% of the human population is on the autism spectrum. Many of us know them as family, our friends, our peers. These are everyday incredible people who have difficulty communicating with social cues and mannerisms that many of us take for granted. Current solutions attempt to help connect these people to socialize, but none aim to teach them to read, understand, and portray emotions, which is the universal language necessary for connecting. Thus, we decided to help them by creating a game that teaches them to read emotions and, more importantly, provide them with the ability to communicate through facial expressions. This will allow individuals to better communicate with their peers, colleagues, and superiors, improving their quality of life. This technology is powerful in it’s ability to level the playing field for those with disabilities, destroying inequality, and welcoming this minority into our society.

The key goal of our project is to make a Social Innovation through a well-Designed and Coded component meant to provide accessible Education to a disabled minority. Our use of Android development, facial recognition, emotion recognition, and Microsoft API’s made this an incredible coding feat. The impact we have on the lives of anyone who has a hard time understanding social cues will absolutely change their lives for the better. This is a level of Social Innovation that aims to create equality through education and empowerment.
